what's going on people walking back
though get started on the video i wanted
to take this time to congratulate the
new york giants for winning Super Bowl
46 I am a Jets fan a suffering just ran
who knows when I'm gonna make it to the
Super Bowl let alone win one but I do
find myself on occasion Rudy for the
Giants especially when they play a team
that I hate like the New England
Patriots so I'm happy for their fans
organization those players I think they
did a remarkable job especially that one
point zero seven and seven went into the
playoffs playing all these teams on the
road great teams and winning it all it's
pretty remarkable if you think about it
so I'm happy for them now moving on to
the title of the video as you can see i
really think that sony has dropped the
ball and has done a terrible job on
advertising the PlayStation Vita now
this is a particular hardware that's
about to drop in less than two weeks and
I haven't seen any type of advertising
or commercials for this whatsoever
besides you know gaming sites and you
know maybe a gamestop now here on
YouTube I think that this little
community we have of gamers is pretty
knowledgeable when we know when what is
dropping when you know we on top of III
vgas game con watching and reading our
favorite sites seeing our favorite
youtubers inform us of what's going to
happen when and what's coming out so I
think when it comes to that we're pretty
knowledgeable when it comes to a couple
other things in the fanboy and
all that's eight you know that's another
story but when it comes to what's coming
out when and we're pretty much on the
pulse when it comes to that so I don't
think Sony needs to really advertise to
to that type of community what I do
think they need to be advertising is the
casual gamers the non gamers now
according to some people here on YouTube
the wii is not a next-gen console but do
you think that Nintendo gives a it
all sold the xbox 360 and the
playstation 3 I don't think they really
care who's buying their system as long
as someone is buying it and a lot of
people bought that I know a lot of
people who bought at least five or six
people never played video games in their
lives but got suckered in by the gimmick
of the motion controls or what have you
and they bought it they might not play
now but I don't think Nintendo kids
because they sold it that's it now they
do want to sell software so they got to
do that now they move it out to the wii
u i don't think it's gonna sell as well
but that's a different topic same thing
with the d/s and the 3ds i know a lot of
people who play those systems that don't
play mario
zelda and all their top franchises and
all the players to Duke we're bringing
again I don't think Nintendo give a
because as long as the units are moving
in and selling that's what they care
about I think that's the strategy so
needs to take you already have the
die-hard Sony fan deciding i'm getting
this i'm not getting this you have the
community of gamers on here that made
their choice already I don't give a
about handhelds I hate Sony oh I'm gonna
get this me personally I'm gonna wait I
think it's a great piece of hardware but
at that price point I think it's still
too high it is a great piece of hardware
at the time you can compare it to the
3ds i was at 250 but since then is
dropped down to 170 some retailers on
the holiday was selling the 3ds for 170
they gave you a fifty dollar gift card
back and a free game of course that
system was moving like crazy that's why
they did phenomenal numbers during the
holidays and still do so because a lot
of great titles have dropped sony seen
then seeing that they picking up steam
you would think you would start doing
some advertising doing something no
nothing not even in the Super Bowl and
that's what I was way faster well maybe
they're gonna wait cause millions of
people gonna watch the Super Bowl and
they'll do something nothing there were
a hundred and eleven million people
watching the Super Bowl now I know that
Sony's lost billions of dollars in this
last quarter I know it's expensive to
buy advertising during super bowl I
think the average is about 3.3 million
dollars for a 30-second ad but when
you've done 02 no advertising what would
it hurt you so many people watching this
event and a lot of people don't even
know this is coming out now I have some
friends who play games casual gamers so
to speak I don't here on YouTube with
your casual gamer the heat on the people
who play madden and i'll call of duty
games yeah that's what they want to do
that's what they want to do they want to
buy an expensive piece of hard way just
to play that that's done that's their
prerogative so I know players that that
by those type of system and games that
have no idea that the video even exists
I have two friends that have a
PlayStation to have a PSP and when I
asked them right around the holidays
until recently as last week yo you get
into vida de let me know like what's the
Vita said lead under the new handheld
Sony's from our I said the PSP to maybe
the none was have no idea that is a
terrible job and Sony's part that those
type of people don't even have a clue
that you have a new system coming out
then
terrible especially when I believe Sony
wants this handheld to kind of propel
them until your next council drops that
is a lousy job on Sony's part no if ands
or buts and let me tell you sony does a
terrible job when it comes to
advertising to have a total of a job on
feeling the pulse of their consumers I
just I don't understand Sony sometimes
last year they started doing all this
advertising with this little kid that
was doing those Kevin Butler type
commercials of the PSP or you know a a
system that's been out for years that's
already in his third generation in and
they do it all these commercials with
ilysm kick you don't even bring this
little kid back to do some commercials
or any commercials on the Vita and it's
coming out and less than two weeks you
know that you're touting is this great
piece of hardware in which I'm not
denying you know I want to get 1 i'm not
gonna get one at launch but I am gonna
get one but they already have me I
already know where to watch my
information and where to go to there a
lot of people who don't watch youtube
videos there's a lot of people don't
even know that there's a community of
gamers on here some people don't even
know about joystick Oh IGN but they buy
games but I don't get it what is sony
doing let me know if you've seen a
commercial you see sometimes I haven't
seen and I watch tons of TV I go to the
movies all the time I Drive an acetal
bit wanna see anything I saw one product
placement ad in the new resident evil
trailer that in like in less than two
seconds somebody pops up with a Vita
that's it sony failed big time
especially at that price point you want
to start putting that idea in people's
head you know what i really want that to
come out of nowhere for someone to spend
250 on it plus whatever you gonna spend
on the memory card in the game if you
buy the lowest model you're gonna spend
over three hundred and thirty dollars
that's a lot of money especially in this
economy right after the holidays you
need to advertise like movies do they
start teasing us with movies a year
ahead of time and then we will build up
all that anticipation we can't wait to
see it there's no advertising at all for
system that you want to move the Utah as
the next great thing sony terrible job
horrendous job i want you guys to tell
me do you grieve you disagree um like I
said I know here on YouTube a lot of
people already made up their mind they
don't give a about Sony and their
products then okay bye handhelds some
diehards are getting a day one but the
non gamer the casual gamers
that's why thinks only needs to
advertise to and I think they did a
terrible job I may be nice to advertise
to us also you know and we're gamers
they don't even give us that you know
there are people who don't even know III
exist but they buy games I don't know
people I'm rambling now so this video's
gone way too long let me know what you
guys think as always you guys be good
you guys are safe I catch you soon